Lifestyle Everyone needs a little inspiration from time to time.
Motivation Whether you're going through a break up, you've just lost your job, or you simply woke up feeling a little insecure this morning, we've all had these days.
Success It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Positivity Feeding your mind inspiring quotesList daily is a great practice to boost your positivity.
Thought I am selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Thought Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Inspiration Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
Thought I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Success A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
Motivation I am successfull person today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.
Love Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Positivity Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Inspiration Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Love Love is a serious mental disease.
Thought If you want to be happy, be you.
Motivation Our greatest fear should not be of failures but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Lifestyle It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Inspiration Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Lifestyle Life is trying things to see if they work.
Lifestyle Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.
Motivation Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
Inspiration Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Positivity If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
Success Success is just a war of attrition. Sure, there's an element of talent you should probably possess. But if you just stick around long enough, eventually something is going to happen.
Love The opposite of love is not hate; it's indifference.
Success Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Motivation Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Lifestyle The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
Time Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma in which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
Success Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Inspiration You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated.
Lifestyle May you live all the days of your life.
Success Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Motivation You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
Lifestyle If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Inspiration If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Thought The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Time The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Thought The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Thought A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.
Time Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Thought Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Lifestyle The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
Motivation Success? I don't know what that word means. I'm happy. But success, that goes back to what in somebody's eyes success means. For me, success is inner peace. That's a good day for me.
Love A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Motivation You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.