When humor works, it works because it's clarifying what people already feel. It has to come from someplace real.
Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.
Things are more complex today, and I think humor has changed a a great deal. People are more sensitive today.
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.
I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor.
We do not take humor seriously enough.
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger.
Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.
Everybody I know who is funny, it's in them. You can teach timing, or some people are able to tell a joke, though I don't like to tell jokes. But I think you have to be born with a sense of humor and a sense of timing.
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.
Our brand of democracy is hard. But I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I'll be right there with you as a citizen - inspired by those voices of fairness and vision, of grit and good humor and kindness that have helped America travel so far.
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
I think empathy is romantic. I think humor is romantic. Kindness is romantic. I think those kind of gestures of caring and love are romantic.
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.
Suspense is very important. Even though this is humor and they're short stories, that theory of building suspense is still there.
Good late-night humor can work at any time of the day.
My favorite kind of humor is basically, if it was happening to you, it wouldn't be funny, but to observe it, it's hilarious.
When humor goes, there goes civilization.
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
It's good to be able to laugh at yourself and the problems you face in life. Sense of humor can save you.
Everyone is flailing through this life without an owner's manual, with whatever modicum of grace and good humor we can manage.
A book without potty humor is like a banana split without hot fudge. It can still be good, I suppose, but you kinda get the feeling that something is missing.
Nothing like a little judicious levity.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.
I should say, one of the things about being a widow or a widower, you really, really need a sense of humor, because everything's going to fall apart.
Twitter is the place where I try to be more funny. And then I use Instagram just as my diary. I pull some jokes on there, but I think people have a better sense of humor on Twitter.
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.
My legacy would be that you don't have to give up anything. You can be chic but have a sense of humor, you can be sexy but comfortable, you can be timeless but fresh.
There's humor in everything. There's gotta be humor in everything.
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.
I think humor is used a lot of the time to keep people from getting too close. Humor side-steps and shifts the meaning.
If you're playing a good guy, you show some darkness. If you're playing a dark guy, you show something different, like humor, that will mix it up and hopefully surpass the audience's expectations. What I'm battling all the time is complacency in the audience. I try to bring a little mystery to what might happen because that engages people more. 
Humor is to get us over terible things.
People use the guise of art, and artistic expression, to do all kinds of hateful things. It's like Trump and everybody else using the guise of humor to say hateful things, the excuse being, 'I was just being funny.'
Sometimes I find I'm wearing a divided, split brain in terms of drama and humor.
You're gonna lose looks when it comes with age, but if you have that sense of humor, it will always keep things great in a relationship.
Humor is very healing.
Any good humor is sophomoric. 'Sophomoric' is the liberal word for funny.
The thing that I fear discriminating against is humor and truth.
Humor is reason gone mad.
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.
Humor and laughter - not necessarily derogatory derision - are my pet tools. This may come from my general philosophy of never taking the world too seriously - for fear of dying of boredom.
People with a sense of humor tend to be less egocentric and more realistic in their view of the world and more humble in moments of success and less defeated in times of travail.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
Putting a little time aside for clean fun and good humor is very necessary to relieve the tensions of our time.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.
Humor is everywhere in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
The more I live, the more I think that humor is the saving sense.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
Transparency, honesty, kindness, good stewardship, even humor, work in businesses at all times.
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.
Our subconscious minds have no sense of humor, play no jokes and cannot tell the difference between reality and an imagined thought or image. What we continually think about eventually will manifest in our lives.
People who know me, they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.
Humor, for me, is really a gate of departure. It's a way of enticing a reader into a poem so that less funny things can take place later. It really is not an end in itself, but a means to an end.
The secret to humor is surprise.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.
I am attracted to intelligence, a witty sense of humor, an adventurous outlook on life and spiritual awareness about one's self and the world.
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
Humor is the truth; wit is an exaggeration of the truth.
Humor is the most important thing in life. It trumps everything else, and it's the only thing that helps me deal with everything else.
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
Comedy is simply a funny way to being serious.
My view of life is colored by humor and looking at the best in any situation.
If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything.
Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road.
A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it.
If you can understand the humor in the drawing part you'll probably get the humor in the audio part.
Humor is an antidode to all ills.
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.
The schizophrenic has no sense of humor. His world is a constantly daunting, unfriendly place.
Humor is the most engaging cowardice.
What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.
I make jokes because humor is the greatest healing factor that there is.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings.
I realize that humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
There is a thin line that seperates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.
Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Keeping an active mind has been vital to my survival, as has been maintaining a sense of humor.
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.
I wasn't close to my father, but I wanted to be all my life. He had a funny sense of humor, and he laughed all the time - good and loud, like I do. He was a gay Irish gentleman and very good-looking. And he wanted to be close to me, too, but we never had much time together.
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
What a newspaper needs in its news, in its headlines, and on its editorial page is terseness, humor, descriptive power, satire, originality, good literary style, clever condensation, and accuracy, accuracy, accuracy!