Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
The only way to discover the limits of possible is to go beyond them into impossible.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
When sun is shinning I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
Today is the only day. yesterday is gone.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
What we think, we become.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
There is nothing impossible to him who try.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
Change your thoughts and change your world.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
We know that what we are, but know not what we may be.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child and one teacher can change the world.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.