I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.
Instead of trying to make your life perfect, give yourself the freedom to make it an adventure, and go ever upward.
I believe in process. I believe in four seasons. I believe that winter's tough, but spring's coming. I believe that there's a growing season. And I think that you realize that in life, you grow. You get better.
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain.
The sky is always there for me, while my life has been going through many, many changes. When I look up the sky, it gives me a nice feeling, like looking at an old friend.
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
Life is not always easy to live, but the opportunity to do so is a blessing beyond comprehension. In the process of living, we will face struggles, many of which will cause us to suffer and to experience pain.
Lonliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and make night air smell better.
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
It's really not about what you have. It's about how you're able to enjoy life in general.
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.
I try to live my life like my father lives his. He always takes care of everyone else first. He won't even start eating until he's sure everyone else in the family has started eating. Another thing: My dad never judges me by whether I win or lose.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.
Being confident is the key to life. Don't be afraid to be you! I'm super different from a lot of kids my age with style and personality, and I'm OK with it. And if you are OK with it, everyone else will be, too. Just be yourself.
'Sunrise Sunset' is about trying to get to a place where life is simple and not letting the stress and happenings in the world get in the way of your happiness.
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Life is about how much you can take and keep fighting, how much you can suffer and keep moving forward.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.
Honestly, I feel like everything in life happens for a reason, and my son has been the greatest gift that God has given me in my life and been the most game-changing thing that's happened to my life, in a necessary way.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
Be free, and live life at it's fullest.
Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.
People will always have an opinion, but you have to live life the way you want to. It's very easy to tell others what to do, but difficult to implement it on yourself.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going to fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.
Everyone has a purpose in life and a unique talent to give to others. And when we blend this unique talent with service to others, we experience the ecstasy and exultation of own spirit, which is the ultimate goal of all goals.
The game of life is a lot like football. You have to tackle your problems, block your fears, and score your points when you get the opportunity.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
I don't regret what I've been through. I've had ups and downs, super highs and some really low lows. I've been so blessed that I could never say, 'I wish this didn't happen.' It's part of who I am. There's nothing in my life that's so ugh.
Life is tough, and things don't always work out well, but we should be brave and go on with our lives.
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
I believe that without memories there is no life, and that our memories should be of happy times.
A simple life is good with me. I don't need a whole lot. For me, a T-shirt, a pair of shorts, barefoot on a beach and I'm happy.
This life is like a swimming pool. You dive into the water, but you can't see how deep it is.
I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are.
Just a candle cannot burn without fire, people cannot live without a spiritual life.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
I'm a big believer that your life is basically a sum of all the choices you make. The better your choices, the better opportunity to lead a happy life.
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.
My life has been a blessing. I'm grateful for everything I do have and the places I'm going and the things I've seen.
Design is a way of life, a point of view. It involves the whole complex of visual communications: talent, creative ability, manual skill, and technical knowledge. Aesthetics and economics, technology and psychology are intrinsically related to the process.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
I always say that the times in my life when I've been happiest are the times when I've seen, like, a sunset.
I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could.
Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Make the Now the primary focus of your life.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Life is full of humanity, gratitude, intellectual curiosity, and never stop learning.
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is all about evolution. What looks like a mistake to others has been a milestone in my life. Even if people have betrayed me, even if my heart was broken, even if people misunderstood or judged me, I have learned from these incidents. We are human and we make mistakes, but learning from them is what makes the difference.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Whatever you do, do with determination. You have one life to live; do your work with passion and give your best. Whether you want to be a chef, doctor, actor, or a mother, be passionate to get the best result.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance betweeen work, friends and family.
I do believe that God blessed me in life with a wonderful family, a successful career, and a loving marriage, and remain thankful for that blessing.
I am happy every day, because life is moving in a very positive way.
The greatest thing about where my life is right now is it's very relaxed and chill. I'm just hanging out, being myself and doing my work.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
I'm just going to go live life. I'm going to go enjoy life. I have nothing left to hide. I am kind of a free person, a free soul.
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Never give up. There are always tough times, regardless of what you do in anything in life. Be able to push through those times and maintain your ultimate goal.
Lonliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and make night air smell better.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Positivity, confidence, and persistence are key in life, so never give up on yourself.
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.
Change your life today, Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and to be loved.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don't get so worked up about things.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
No matter what has happened to you in the past or what is going on in your life right now, it has no power to keep you from having an amazingly good future if you will walk by faith in God. God loves you! He wants you to live with victory over sin so you can possess His promises for your life today!
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.
Life is short, and if we enjoy every moment of every day, then we will be happy no matter what happens or what changes along the way.
Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not.
I think that life is difficult. People have challenges. Family members get sick, people get older, you don't always get the job or the promotion that you want. You have conflicts in your life. And really, life is about your resilience and your ability to go through your life and all of the ups and downs with a positive attitude.
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
Education is not just about going to school and getting a degree. It's about widening your knowledge and absorbing the truth about life.
Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them.
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Life ain't always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride.
Remember your dreams and fight for them. You must know what you want from life. There is just one thing that makes your dream become impossible: the fear of failure.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through.
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
We are all born alone and die alone. The loneliness is definitely part of the journey of life.
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.