Love yourself for who you are, and trust me, if you are happy from within, you are the most beautiful person, and your smile is your best asset.
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I will always be in your heart, and if you hate me, I will be in your mind.
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Mother was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
Don't forget to tell yourself positive things daily! You must love yourself internally to glow externally.
I'm having fun. I'm being myself. I'm doing what I love. That's all that matters.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
I believe forgiveness is the best form of love in any relationship. It takes a strong person to say they're sorry and an even stronger person to forgive.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
True love doesn't happen right away; it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever.
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being.
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Love is supreme and unconditional; like is nice but limited.
We always love those who admire us, but we do not always love those whom we admire.
Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks. And know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
It is best to love wisely, no doubt; but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
Mother's love is peace. It need not to be aquired, it need not to be deserved.
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
Be beautiful, be stylish, and love yourself.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
All we have is today. Just live it. We don't know about tomorrow. So, enjoy the day. Love yourself, and spread love around.
Some people come into our life as a blessing, while others come into our life as a lesson, so love them for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
A flower doesn't love you or hate you, it just exists.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.
Travel is a new experience that can transport you out of your everyday routine to create memories with the ones you love.
I walk in a space of gratitude. I'm so grateful to God for blessing me with an amazing family and the opportunity to do what I love.
Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Dare, dream, dance, smile, and sing loudly! And have faith that love is an unstoppable force!
Love, friendship, networking - these are all critical connections and the foundation of a healthy, happy life.
No matter how you're feeling, a little dog gunna love you.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
I want someone who is my partner in life. Who supports me, and I support her. I can share all my experiences in life with her, and she can share hers back with me. Not only do we love each other, but we accept, embrace, nurture, and care for each other.
I'm very happy being me, although sometimes I'd love to be a bird so that I could fly.
There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
Love is more pleasant than marriage for the same reason that novels are more amusing than history.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
The past explains how I got here, but the future is up to me - and I love to live life at full throttle.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
I must learn to love the fool in me - the one who feels too much, talks too much, takes too many chances, wins sometimes and loses often, lacks self-control, loves and hates, hurts and gets hurt, promises and breaks promises, laughs and cries.
Love and compassion are nexessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
The depth of the love of parents for their children cannot be measured. It is like no other relationship. It exceeds concern for life itself. The love of a parent for a child is continuous and transcends heartbreak and disappointment.
If no pain, then no love. If no darkness, no light. If no risk, then no reward. It's all or nothing. In this damn world, it's all or nothing.
I want to be judged by who I am, not what I am. I mean, I am Johnny Weir. Judge me the way you see me, love me the way you see me, hate me the way you see me.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.
I love spending time with my friends and family. The simplest things in life give me the most pleasure: cooking a good meal, enjoying my friends.
It's really important to talk to yourself and look at yourself in the mirror and love who you are.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
If you want to love others, I think you should love yourself first.
True love, to me, is when she's the first thought that goes through your head when you wake up and the last thought that goes through your head before you go to sleep.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
One way to feel good about yourself is to love yourself... to take care of yourself.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
If I love you, I show you I love you every day. Little things, big things.
It's hard asking someone with a broken heart to fall in love again.
I spent a lot of years trying to outrun or outsmart vulnerability by making things certain and definite, black and white, good and bad. My inability to lean into the discomfort of vulnerability limited the fullness of those important experiences that are wrought with uncertainty: Love, belonging, trust, joy, and creativity to name a few.
Be a warrior when it comes to delivering on your ambitions. And a saint when it comes to treating people with respect, modeling generosity, and showing up with outright love.
I try to say I love you in a million different ways. That's what I aspire to do. That's what I do best.
Love is a really scary thing, and you never know what's going to happen. It's one of the most beautiful things in life, but it's one of the most terrifying. It's worth the fear because you have more knowledge, experience, you learn from people, and you have memories.
I think fashion is a lot of fun. I love clothes. More than fashion or brand labels, I love design. I love the thought that people put into clothes. I love when clothes make cultural statements and I think personal style is really cool. I also freely recognize that fashion should be a hobby.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
In my life I've learned that true happiness comes from giving. Helping others along the way makes you evaluate who you are. I think that love is what we're all searching for. I haven't come across anyone who didn't become a better person through love.
Love who you want to love. Life is short. Nobody's going to hate you for it.
We should remember that saying 'I love you' is only a beginning. We need to say it, we need to mean it, and most importantly we need consistently to show it. We need to both express and demonstrate love.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
It took a lot of years of me on my own, coaching myself, to look in the mirror and love the reflection.
Go out into the world with your passion and love for what you do, and just never give up.
Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
Life is difficult for everyone; everyone has bad days. Everyone has trouble in their life, because it doesn't matter how rich you are: Sickness and trouble and worry and love, these things will mess with you at every level of life.
You just have to get rid of fear and confront the world. Look at yourself in the mirror and say to yourself, 'I love you and nothing will destroy you and you're not going to fall.'
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Every animal has his or her story, his or her thoughts, daydreams, and interests. All feel joy and love, pain and fear, as we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt. All deserve that the human animal afford them the respect of being cared for with great consideration for those interests or left in peace.
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.
Follow your heart. Do what you love. Because I was constantly struggling with that. If it's in your heart, go for it. Don't listen to other people.
The ultimate dream in life is to be able to do what you love and learn something from it.
I love the ocean. I've always liked the blue, so tranquil and peaceful and gliding. And the fear of it.
I love everything that's old, -old friends, old times, old manners, old books and old wine.
Passion is momentary, Love is enduring.
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
Using social media to hurt and destroy is callous, acted out by cowards hiding behind computers. My advice is to ignore negativity. Focus on the love around.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that.
I want people to fall in love with themselves and to be really proud and full of joy for the space they take up. If someone else appreciates the space you take up, then that's icing on the cake.
There is definitely a 'red carpet moment' to a bride's wedding day, but when designing for bridal, it is important to focus on the details that will captivate and capture the imagination of the bride - she has to fall in love with the gown.
In the stillness of your presence, you can feel your own formless and timeless reality as the unmanifested life that animates your physical form. You can then feel the same life deep within every other human and every other creature. You look beyond the veil of form and separation. This is the realization of oneness. This is love.
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.
If you want to love a person, you should know that there are tears, and there can even be hatred inside of it. I think a love really includes all of that.