Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
God always strives together with those who strive.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
Success is the only motivational factor that a person with character needs.
Don't fight the problem, decide it.
He conquers who endures.
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
Do whatever you do intensely.
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?
You never know what motivates you.
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.
I have given motivational speeches at IIT and other well-known establishments. I want to appeal to the people, and therefore, I talk from the heart.
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
I used to watch a lot of motivational films and videos to remain positive.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
There is no stronger case for the motivational power of real science than the discoveries that come from the Hubble Space Telescope as it unravels the mysteries of the universe.
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.