It's not the situation, but whether we react negative or respond positive to the situation that is important.
Always go into meetings or negotiations with a positive attitude. Tell yourself you're going to make this the best deal for all parties.
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all; and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.
I have learned that champions aren't just born; champions can be made when they embrace and commit to life-changing positive habits.
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective.
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.
You can do everything you can to try to stop bad things from happening to you, but eventually things will happen, so the best prevention is a positive attitude.
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
Design your world so that you have positive social and environmental side effects.
Positive energy is meant to give people confidence and hope, encourage people to love their country, society and life, as well as to pursue nice things. Everything we do is ultimately for the sake of spreading positive energy.
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.
Today or any day that phone may ring and bring the good news.
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.
I have learned that champions aren't just born; champions can be made when they embrace and commit to life-changing positive habits.
When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective.
You will always have ups and downs in your life and your career, but just stay positive and go for it.
Natural ability is important, but you can go far without it if you have the focus, drive, desire and positive attitude.
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
The first thing successful people do is view failure as a positive signal to success.
Being positive is like going up a mountain. Being negative is like sliding down a hill. A lot of times, people want to take the easy way out, because it's basically what they've understood throughout their lives.
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
Resilience isn't a single skill. It's a variety of skills and coping mechanisms. To bounce back from bumps in the road as well as failures, you should focus on emphasizing the positive.
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
A positive attitude is a choice, like walking to the other side of a street to avoid trouble or making a 180-degree turn when you feel you're heading in the wrong direction.
Whatever you wanna be, just, at the end of the day, if you're being a good person, which is not hard to be, and you're putting positive energy into the world, and you're appreciative and loving to the people around you that care about you and everybody in general, then it'll work out.
When the negative thoughts come - and they will; they come to all of us - it's not enough to just not dwell on it... You've got to replace it with a positive thought.
Negative freedom is freedom from - freedom from oppression, whether it's a colonial power or addiction to alcohol oppressing you. You need to be freed from negative freedom. Positive freedom is freedom for, freedom to be. And that's what's routinely ignored today.
The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Putting forward your positive energy connects you back to basic human values which we all share. Good Deeds Day shows that no matter the size of the gesture, a smile that brightens someone else's day or volunteering in your community, we can all take active part in making a difference.
I truly believe in positive synergy, that your positive mindset gives you a more hopeful outlook, and belief that you can do something great means you will do something great.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it; better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.
Positive thinking is more than just a tagline. It changes the way we behave. And I firmly believe that when I am positive, it not only makes me better, but it also makes those around me better.
It is as if my life were magically run by two electric currents: joyous positive and despairing negative - whichever is running at the moment dominates my life, floods it.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden gate to eternity.
If someone says something hurtful to you or makes you feel down on yourself, then you just gotta stay positive and keep moving forward because they might not know much about you, or they may not understand the situation.
A positive atmosphere nurtures a positive attitude, which is required to take positive action.
Adopting a really positive attitude can work wonders to adding years to your life, a spring to your step, a sparkle to your eye, and all of that.
It's easy to get negative because you get beat down. You go through a few disappointments and it's easy to stay in that negative frame of mind. Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is a whole cliche, but your attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Celebrate yourself... and stay positive.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Be true to yourself and surround yourself with positive, supportive people.
I am happy to say that everyone that I have met in my life, I have gained something from them; be it negative or positive, it has enforced and reinforced my life in some aspect.
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
We can bring positive energy into our daily lives by smiling more, talking to strangers in line, replacing handshakes with hugs, and calling our friends just to tell them we love them.
It doesn't matter what cards you're dealt. It's what you do with those cards. Never complain. Just keep pushing forward. Find a positive in anything and just fight for it.
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.
The true mark of professionalism is the ability to respect everyone else for their styles and always find something positive in every dining experience and highlight it in your thoughts and words.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
A stereotype may be negative or positive, but even positive stereotypes present two problems: They are cliches, and they present a human being as far more simple and uniform than any human being actually is.
I try to do the right thing. If you do what you know is right, and you're a good person, you might not win short-term all the time, and financial gains might not be there all the time, but ultimately, you can be pretty happy, and you can do some pretty good things in the world. Keep a positive outlook.
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
You just keep a positive attitude no matter what comes in your way - challenges, roadblocks - don't let it faze you, and you can overcome anything.
When you assume negative intent, you're angry. If you take away that anger and assume positive intent, you will be amazed. Your emotional quotient goes up because you are no longer almost random in your response.
I always feel good after I change my hair. You get a haircut and feel positive and ready to take on the day.
The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed.
The more time goes by, the more things will happen to you in your life. And the ability to be positive throughout and look for the good in people, look for the good in situations - it's so important.
I want to make sure I always show off my smile and have a positive attitude the whole time, whether it's during a performance, practice, or doing an interview.
A positive attitude is a choice, like walking to the other side of a street to avoid trouble or making a 180-degree turn when you feel you're heading in the wrong direction.
Good things are associated with blue, like clear days, more than singing the blues. Just the word 'blue' in the singular is full of optimism and positive connotation to most people.
Resilience isn't a single skill. It's a variety of skills and coping mechanisms. To bounce back from bumps in the road as well as failures, you should focus on emphasizing the positive.
Being positive is like going up a mountain. Being negative is like sliding down a hill. A lot of times, people want to take the easy way out, because it's basically what they've understood throughout their lives.
I'm living on this positive mind frame where I'm only attracting positive things. I'm controlling my energy, I'm eating right, I'm meditating, I'm in the gym, I'm doing all this stuff I'm supposed to be doing. I'm past that young, immature way of thinking. I just want to be great.
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
We are constituted so that simple acts of kindness, such as giving to charity or expressing gratitude, have a positive effect on our long-term moods. The key to the happy life, it seems, is the good life: a life with sustained relationships, challenging work, and connections to community.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.
Stop saying these negative things about yourself. Look in the mirror and find something about yourself that's positive and celebrate that!
You have to enjoy life. Always be surrounded by people that you like, people who have a nice conversation. There are so many positive things to think about.
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A 'you can do it' when things are tough.
While you're going through this process of trying to find the satisfaction in your work, pretend you feel satisfied. Tell yourself you had a good day. Walk through the corridors with a smile rather than a scowl. Your positive energy will radiate. If you act like you're having fun, you'll find you are having fun.
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
Positive thinking is a valuable tool that can help you overcome obstacles, deal with pain, and reach new goals.
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.
I've never really been aware of what is said about me, whether it's positive or negative. I ignore it. I've always had the mind-set: 'No one can challenge me better than myself.'
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or loose.
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door.
I am happy every day, because life is moving in a very positive way.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
I surround myself with good people who make me feel great and give me positive energy.
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.
Don't forget to tell yourself positive things daily! You must love yourself internally to glow externally.
What you feel inside reflects on your face. So be happy and positive all the time.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Each day, I come in with a positive attitude, trying to get better.
Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
Love life to the fullest and focus on the positive.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preperation for success.