Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
The temptation to take the easy road is always there. It is as easy as staying in bed in the morning and sleeping in. But discipline is paramount to ultimate success and victory for any leader and any team.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
Collaboration is a key part of the success of any organization, executed through a clearly defined vision and mission and based on transparency and constant communication.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Your morning sets up the success of your day. So many people wake up and immediately check text messages, emails, and social media. I use my first hour awake for my morning routine of breakfast and meditation to prepare myself.
There will always be obstacles and challenges that stand in your way. Building mental strength will help you develop resilience to those potential hazards so you can continue on your journey to success.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within. I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. 
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks.
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.
Since self-control is vital to reaching long-term goals, befriending people with willpower could be the secret to success. Whether you're tempted to skip that workout at the gym, or you're considering blowing this month's budget, spending time with a disciplined friend could boost your motivation to maintain healthy habits.
Success is like a wild horse. If you do not know how to handle it, it will throw you off and look for another rider who can handle it well.
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success.
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.