The more time goes by, the more things will happen to you in your life. And the ability to be positive throughout and look for the good in people, look for the good in situations - it's so important.
It's all about the experience and having a good time and connecting with the new people.
I'd realize it's not worth our time to worry. You do your best, and God will put the right people in your path.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Time flies never to be recalled.
Birthdays are feathers in the broad wings of time.
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
With grief, you have to take it one day at a time and learn how to find the happiness amid the heartbreak.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
Tough time never lasts but tough people.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
There's no wrong time to make a right decision.
I think that any time of great pain is a time of transformation, a fertile time to plant new seeds.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
Life is weird and complex but very simple at the same time. It's all about perception.
The airplane stays up because it doesn't have the time to fall.
Nobody gets lucky all the time. Nobody can win all the time. Nobody's a robot. Nobody's perfect.
The time that I have on this earth should just be filled with good times.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.
I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge.
Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time.
It's really important to have balance, spend some time in nature, go to a few parties, enjoy my friends and really chill out.
The time to relax is 'When you don't have time for it'.
There's so much to learn and see all the time, and nothing nicer for me than to wake up, and the sky is blue.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
I like to go out if there's a party or go to the movies, but I just like hanging out with my buddies and having a good time.
I still spend my time feeling sorry for myself and making serious mistakes.
You can't be afraid to fail. It's the only way you succeed - you're not gonna succeed all the time, and I know that.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
Goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
We need time to defuse, to contemplate. Just as in sleep our brains relax and give us dreams, so at some time in the day we need to disconnect, reconnect, and look around us.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
We learned many years ago that the rich may have money, but the poor have time.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Everything changes with time. You can't predict where you're gonna be next year; you have no idea, you know what I mean?
Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
A person who dares to waste one hour of time, has not discovered the value of life.
Life is about having a good time, and it was a good time. We did some things well and some things poorly, but that was always the case.
People have a hard time letting go of their suffering. Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar.
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
Time management is an oxymoron. Time is beyond our control, and the clock keeps ticking regardless of how we lead our lives. Priority management is the answer to maximizing the time we have.
Lost - yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered, for they are gone forever.
The purpose of a vacation is to have the time to rest. But many of us, even when we go on vacation, don't know how to rest. We may even come back more tired than before we left.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
There's a time in your life where you're not quite sure where you are. You think everything's perfect, but it's not perfect... Then one day you wake up and you can't quite picture yourself in the situation you're in. But the secret is, if you can picture yourself doing anything in life, you can do it.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Time is the fire in which we burn.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.
I think there's a right time for everything, and I'm a true believer that everything happens for a reason.
Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
You can't jump from little things to big things. It just takes time and patience.
I believe that whatever comes at a particular time is a blessing from God.
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is time to dare and endure.
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
Time flies over us, but leaves it's shadow behind.
It's so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy. Losing your cool makes you tired. Getting angry a lot messes with your health.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
The time is always right to do what is right.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
Tea time is chance to slow down, pull back our surroundings.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow is a gift. that's why it's called present.
It's crazy how fast time flies and how things progress.
When you invest your time, you make a goal and a decision of something that you want to accomplish. Whether it's make good grades in school, be a good athlete, be a good person, go down and do some community service and help somebody who's in need, whatever it is you choose to do, you're investing your time in that.
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
You can't please everyone. When you're too focused on living up to other people's standards, you aren't spending enough time raising your own. Some people may whisper, complain and judge. But for the most part, it's all in your head. People care less about your actions than you think. Why? They have their own problems!
All blame is a waste of time. No matter how much fault you find with another, and regardless of how much you blame him, it will not change you. The only thing blame does is to keep the focus off you when you are looking for... reasons to explain your unhappiness or frustration.
It's a wonderful time when you sit down around the table for dinner and discuss life. No matter where you are, it gives the semblance of normalcy to my crazy world.
It would be impossible to estimate how much time and energy we invest in trying to fix, change and deny our emotions - especially the ones that shake us at our very core, like hurt, jealousy, loneliness, shame, rage and grief.
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.
Children should be able to live a life free from bullying and harassment and it is time that we all took a stand against this.
There's no time for regrets. You've just got to keep moving forward.
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.
Everything is a learning process: any time you fall over, it's just teaching you to stand up the next time.
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.
Some of our important choices have a time line. If we delay a decision, the opportunity is gone forever. Sometimes our doubts keep us from making a choice that involves change. Thus an opportunity may be missed.
I don't care how busy I am - I will always make time for what's most important to me.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Choose to focus your time, energy and conversation around people who inspire you, support you and help you to grow you into your happiest, strongest, wisest self. 